[Music]
only a schizophrenic or a genius can
answer these two questions it is
practically impossible to tell an
average person from a person with
schizophrenia by their appearance many
psychiatric tests and methods are used
in order to find out what is going on in
the patient's head and determine whether
they need help here are two simple
questions that can be answered only by a
person with schizophrenia or by an
extraordinary genius person do you want
to give it a try to get precise results
answer the questions in accordance with
your feelings try to concentrate on what
you see not what it should look like
question number one is the mask convex
on one side or two I'll give you ten
seconds have a closer look at the
picture okay now question two is the
mask rotating in one direction or in two
again here are ten seconds
[Music]
are you ready for the answers number one
the mask is convex only on one side
number two the mask is rotating in the
right direction so let's see who you are
crazy or a genius
if you answered both questions wrong do
not worry you are a completely healthy
person and if one of the answers was
obvious to you it's probably time to
find a friend that is a psychiatrist the
truth is that the brain of a healthy
person tends towards self-deceit it
takes into account artificial forms and
extra shadows correcting the picture we
swallow the hook of the illusion no
matter if we want to or not people with
schizophrenia do not have this
imagination their brains cannot
establish the connection between the
details they see the mess just as it
really is for them the mask is concave
and rotates in one direction what
difference does genius map schizophrenia
and genius are not that different
however it is possible to distinguish
between them
genius personalities possess both types
of thinking that of a healthy person as
well as the schizophrenic one and they
can switch between the types of thinking
they see the illusion just the way an
ordinary person sees it but they also
see the catch immediately if they want
to their brain may stop perceiving the
deceit also we've prepared a little
bonus for you a quick IQ test that can
determine your intellect in 2016
research carried out by evolutionary
psychologists examine how population
density affects an individual it was
found that people with high IQs showed
strikingly similar characteristics here
are two questions that will help you
find out if you are one of them however
keep in mind that the test is entirely
subjective here's the first question
could you live in a heavily populated
part of a big city there are two options
one know lots of people stress me out -
I wouldn't mind it
I'd feel at home think for a few seconds
choose the one and write down or
remember the answer now question 2 do
you feel sad or lonely and experience
withdrawal symptoms if you aren't in
constant contact with your friends you
need to choose one answer one more or
less - not really
[Music]
so if you chose the first option in both
cases then you're probably high on the
Happiness index if you selected the
second option in both cases you possess
the typical qualities of someone with a
high IQ as research has shown those with
powerful intellectual abilities are the
most capable of solving evolutionary
tasks and they adapt more quickly to new
environments in this case highly
populated areas of big cities these
people are better at managing the stress
of a metropolis and they don't need
support from their friends therefore
they can survive on their own
if you chose different options then
you've probably found a happy medium
between happiness and intelligence have
you tried these simple tests would you
agree with the results share your
thoughts in the comments don't forget to
hit the like button below the video and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life